# Entry 2: Beginning My Research
##### 11/12/24

## What I have found
After choosing my topic and starting my reasearch, I began to look for hardware and software that are currently being used in sports. I searched for "devices in sports" and "sports technology apps" which led me to websites such as [TOP 7 Sports Technology Trends and Innovations to Adopt in Sports Apps in 2024](https://mobidev.biz/blog/sports-technology-trends-innovations-to-adopt-in-sports-apps), [Wearable Technology in Sports](https://www.catapult.com/blog/wearable-technology-in-sports) and [Innovating the Sports Industry: How Software Development Services Can Help](https://container-news.com/innovating-the-sports-industry-how-software-development-services-can-help/). I looked through these websites and found many software and hardware innovations within sports. Some of these include things like wearable technology and equipment as well as analysis and simulation. The wearable technology can be used to analyze the health and state of an athlete during the game as well as give information to software that can later simulate ways to help the athlete and prevent injury. I also discovered that software can allow for event management, fan engagement, and keep track of player stats which can be accessed by fans through certain apps. I revised my search to make it more direct by searching "Software and Hardware used in Sports" to get information from more websites but after going through some of them, I got the same information that I had from my original search and decided that I didn't need to revise my search.

## Engineering Design Process
I am currently in the second stage of the engineering design process, researching, and entering the third stage, brainstorming. In the second stage, I have begun to research about the hardware and software that is currently used in the sports industry. With the second stage complete, I can now use the research from that stage and brainstorm ways to make the sports industry better with technology or how to further build on the technology that is already in use. 

## Skills
Some skills I have learned while working on my second blog entry are **effective researching**, **work management**, and **prioritization**. The week that the second entry was assigned was filled with tons of work from all of my classes. I didn't know how I was going to complete all of it because I had several summative assignments for each of my classes which had me quite stressed out. I knew I wouldn't be able to do every assignment perfectly all at once so I stopped worrying about it so much and started thinking about it differently which helped my thoughts become more clear and precise when working. I planned certain times to do my work and gave a **priority** to each assignment based on how important it was to me. With this method all my work became **more managable** because I didn't need to place maximum effort into all of my classes at once but rather different amounts of effort for different work which allowed me to finish this entry effeciently and on time. During my research, I sometimes did not get exactly what I wanted which took much longer for my research as I had to keep scrolling down to find different websites for my research. I began using key words with all of my searches and the ctrl+F command on my keyboard with the specific words I wanted to find on each website, this really increased my speed and **effctivity when researching** which also made it easier on me to manage my work for all of my classes.

[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
