# Entry 3: Finalizing My Content
##### 12/20/24

## The Future
In entry 2 I researched about technology within sports and discovered many ways that we currently use technology in the sports field. In this entry, I have been brainstorming about possible technological advancements we could have in the future of sports. I first looked at what we already had and then I thought about what **_I_** would want for the future of sports. I came up with one detailed idea, a few less detailed ideas, and a few ideas with simple details. My detailed idea was about 3D holographic practices where you can interact with the holograms. For soccer there could be holographic [players](https://as2.ftcdn.net/v2/jpg/02/72/31/49/1000_F_272314919_tuSZVX3wXLjzDhtNjPCy9wXuTpkFVpPF.jpg) and goalkeepers that you shoot a ball against, but the ball has a sensor that detects these holograms and bounces off of them as if they were real people. For volleyball and basketball it could be a similar thing, players can practice against “top level” holograms that play like real life top level players. Holograms could replicate the skill level of any sport player, they would help players because the players would be able to study the movements of the holograms and learn from them. During games even referees could be replaced by AI holograms that would make the proper calls each time so the fans and players are satisfied and games are kept fair. My less detailed ideas were future predicting contacts, time chamber, and pressure field. The future predicting contacts can send waves to a player's brain and make a preduction about the current match so the player will be able to act accordingly. The time chamber could give players much more practice as time will move a lot slower and with different settings to give better practice. The pressure field could be used with the time chamber and it makes athletes practice under much stronger gravity so when they are actually playing sports, their bodies will feel so much lighter because they have been training under multiplied gravity. Finally, the simple detailed ideas were aiming shoes, potential revealer, and a regeneration tube. Aim shoes help players aim, mainly used for soccer. Potential revealer can predict an athletes peak performance. The regeneration tube is an expensive item used to instantly heal injured athletes. I was able to finalize my content so that it is ready for the website by posting my ideas on slack, getting feedback from my peers, then making edits to it for the final product. I also took a look at previous freedom projects such as [yaseenm](https://yaseenm8161.github.io/sep10-freedom-project/#about) and [josiahb](https://josiahb7308.github.io/sep10-freedom-project/) which were incredibly helpful for finalizing my content.

## Engineering Design Process
I am currently finishing up the third stage of the engineering design process, brainstorming. I used my research from the previous blog as well as new sources from previous freedom projects to help me come up with ideas for the future. I have come up with a decent amount of future technological advances in sports and I am looking forward to the next few stages where I will use my brainstorming to come up with an idea and eventually create a prototype for said idea.

## Skills
Some skills I learned while working on this blog entry are **creative thinking**, **self-advocacy**, and **consideration**. I have had a problem with my perception that is hard to get over, I can't quite think of anything that I don't see myself being able to comprehend. I used **self-advocacy** and asked a friend for help, they gave me some futuristic show suggestions and said it would help me think more outside of the box. After watching them, it felt easier to come up with these ideas because I could understand them better, so my **creative thinking** improved. I knew that what I would be writing would be read by other people, so I had to have **consideration** on my audience, which would be athletes. Since I am a student athlete, I wanted to come up with ideas that I liked and believed that other athletes would also like. These three skills helped them while writing this blog entry, I learned I have to see something myself to understand it, I can ask help from people because everyone has different strengths, and I should be thinking about who my audience is at all times, whether it be when speaking or writing this blog!
[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)
